README.md, before:

# ToDoList
Basic to-do list using Angular 6.


# ToDoList

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.1.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Screenshots of to-do list project

README.md, after:

# ToDoList
Basic to-do list using Angular 6.

## Screenshots

Main page of to-do list:
![Main page](http://fmovies.helplena.co/images/todo%20(2).png)

Adding to-do list items:
![Main page](http://fmovies.helplena.co/images/todo%20(4).png)

Selecting to-do items my clicking them:
![Main page](http://fmovies.helplena.co/images/todo%20(5).png)

Delete selected items by clicking Delete All That are done:
![Main page](http://fmovies.helplena.co/images/todo%20(6).png)

Selecting a to-do item and deleting an unselected item:
![Main page](http://fmovies.helplena.co/images/todo%20(7).png)

Deleted the unselected item using delete button:
![Main page](http://fmovies.helplena.co/images/todo%20(8).png)

Unselecting the selected item by clicking on it:
![Main page](http://fmovies.helplena.co/images/todo%20(1).png)

Deleted remaining to-do items by deleting them manually:
![Main page](http://fmovies.helplena.co/images/todo%20(3).png)

# ToDoList

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.1.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
